Good morning!
You're looking fired up today.
Has your next race been settled on yet?
Well, I'm hoping to run
in the Takarazuka Kinen.
If I get chosen, anyway.
The Takarazuka, huh... y'know, Grass-chan—
Yes?
Pardon me.
Kitasan Black, may I have a word?
S-Sure!
I know it's early, but I'd like you
to come to the student council room.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 10
\hFestival
You want me to head up a committee?!
Right. Would you be willing?
But, well, why me?
This is a new joint event being
held by the town and the school
in order to strengthen
relations between both.
Tracen Academy-Regional
Joint Event
And as this year's outstanding
horse girl, you're being called up.
Besides, I've heard you're considered
something of a festival girl.
W-Well, yeah...
That's what this will essentially be,
and given your relationship with
the locals, you're a natural fit.
A festival...
Yes. We would like you to make a success.
How about it?
It's a festival, then!
Understood! I'll do my best!
Tracen Academy-Regional Joint Event
Photo Stand-In
Panel
Go right ahead
I'll take
you on!!!
H
I
S
H
I
Kochi & Iwate Products
Staff
Okay! As the head of the committee
in charge of this event,
I'm gonna make it a good one!
Good morning!
Hey, Kita-chan! Thanks for having me today!
Well, thanks for coming!
We're glad to have you.
Feels strange, selling my
wares at the school.
I do like how it makes the event feel
like everyone is pitching in for it.
Yeah! I hope you all have a good time.
See you around!
Yeah! Good luck out there!
Good luck!
Fight!
Oh, Kita-chan!
Teio-san!
You look so cool!
I heard the Prez did this before,
so I've always wanted to try it myself.
You're doing the rounds?
Yeah!
Sorry I haven't been able to
help out with Spica's offering.
There's no helping that,
since you're the head of the
committee for putting the event on.
Leave this to us, and focus
on what you're doing!
You can come by later for
tea if you have time.
Thanks so much!
We'll have the tea waiting for you.
Golshi-san!
Baa!
You're a sheep?
Would you get changed already?!
Do you understand what we're doing here?!
Stuff it!
This works for me! Sheep serve people, too!
What are you talking about?!
Tracen Academy Regional Joint Event
Route for Making the Rounds
Visit the stalls (in front of the goddess statue)
- Say hello to the folks from the shopping district
\h\hCheck out the interior exhibits!!
- Check in with everyone at Spica
- See Dia-chan and Grand-chan
Next is...
Welcome! Welcome!
Would you like to drop in
on the Satono Maid Café?
Dia-chan...
Kita-chan!
Dia-chan, you look so cute!
You too, Crown-chan!
And the Capella trainer...
looks the same as usual!
Good work on the committee.
Hey, Kitasan, you're running
in the Takarazuka, right?
You might have me beat in the vote,
but I'm gonna win the race!
Nope! I don't intend on losing.
I'll be rooting for you both.
Are you not entering, Dia-chan?
Diamond-san is going to be
taking some time to rest.
I've thought about it a lot...
And I'm going to put everything
I have into the fall.
Heading toward the Prix
de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Dia-chan...
I see.
Well, I need to keep doing my rounds!
Okay.
Good luck!
Hit him in the navel and
get a prize!!
Target Challenge
Wh-What the?!
Yes!
You really got me!
Here you are.
Thanks.
Here.
Thank you! Yay!
You've gotten better.
Well, I can't afford to
stay the same forever.
Target Challenge
Just goes to show why you were third
place in the Takarazuka Kinen vote!
But third place...
Third place... again.
Die-Cutting
Dura-chan!
Kitasan Black.
That was a close one. You almost had it.
It's harder than it seems.
So, are you having a good time?
Yeah. It's been a good change
of pace from my usual rehab.
I heard you were heading up
the committee. How's that been?
Yep! It's been fun!
Everyone seems so happy,
which helps me feel good too!
I see...
I suppose you created this scene.
Aw, come on, it wasn't all me!
But you can do even more.
One day, I'll do just as much...
No, I will create a scene even more
memorable than what you have
when I win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Your dream hasn't changed
at all, huh, Dura-chan?
It hasn't.
I'll prove I'm strongest, and I will have
all of Japan in a frenzy of excitement.
All of Japan, huh?
Then, if you win it...
Everyone in Japan will be laughing,
happy, and making a huge fuss.
That's the kind of race the Prix
de l'Arc de Triomphe is, huh?
Of course.
It's fair to say it'd be
a historic achievement.
I see.
A scene even bigger than this...
Festival committee head Kitasan Black-san,
please head to the event operations
tent as soon as possible.
I've gotta go! Seeya, Dura-chan!
I hope you have a lot of fun today!
Right.
Fine Motion Ramen
Fine Motion's Authentic
Vegetable Soup
Banana Eating Contest
Copano Rickey's Lucky Feng Shui
Stats Are Good, But So Are Fortunes
Strength Is Beauty! New Racewear Collection
Goldfish Scooping
Balloon Yo-yo
Petting Zoo
We'll make it happen together!
The Tracen Academy-Regional Joint Event
Have a great time and celebrate our partnership!
Kita-chan
Excuse me. Trainer-san?
Hey, Kitasan. Good work today. What's up?
The campfire is about to start. Golshi-san and
the others said to bring you in.
They just want to sponge off me
before it's all over.
Not that I have any money to share.
Huh?
Are those me?
Y-Yeah, I was just taking a look.
That's my debut race!
Debut Race (Rookie Debut)
2nd Race
And this is my second, and this is
when I was in the Spring Stakes...
Spring Stakes
I never thought you'd be going into the
Classics after three wins in a row.
I still wasn't too popular back then, though.
Satsukishou
The Satsukishou and Derby...
Those were both so hard and painful.
Japan Derby
But you were able to get over what happened.
St. Lite Kinen
At the St. Lite Kinen, and then...
Kikkashou
The Kikkashou.
The Arima Kinen and the Osaka Hai,
and my first Spring Tennoushou,
and the Takarazuka Kinen...
You were favored to win for the first
time at the Tokyo Daishouten, right?
I felt weirdly nervous about it, too.
Japan Cup
Then I won the Japan Cup, and raced
against Dia-chan at my second Arima...
Arima Kinen
I've run so, so much.
Yeah, you have.
And next is the Takarazuka.
Right.
No horse girl has ever won
the Spring Senior Series Triple Crown.
You've been in a lot of exhausting
races, but I bet you can pull it off.
Trainer-san.
I'm going to win the Takarazuka Kinen.
And then I want to take on a new challenge!
Overseas!
I've thought about it a lot.
About what I can do to
make people even happier.
People's hopes and wishes,
their expectations and dreams...
I want to carry them all, run,
and be the first one to cross
the goal, so I can answer them.
Burn, burn, fire burn!
So that everyone will be smiling, happy,
and making noise, like at a festival.
I feel like... I feel like I can
see a scene like that unfolding!
I see...
Okay, then.
I'll start the process of registering
you for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Thank you so much!
Okay, Trainer-san!
The campfire is starting!
Everyone's waiting, so hurry along!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Really?! You're going to run at
the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe?
Yeah, I thought about it a lot.
Well, you had better get over
your cold even faster, then!
Yeah.
I think it might be built up exhaustion.
You probably let your guard
down after the event was over.
You might be right.
Well, I'm gonna head out.
See you later.
Thank you for everything.
What's going on with her?
I think... she might be quitting.
It's not that strange to
leave the turf for good
after you feel you've gone as far as you can.
I see...
Anyway, you should make sure to
rest up and get better soon. Okay?
Oh, Dia-chan.
There was something I wanted to borrow.
"The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe."
Satono Family Property
"A race held in France, featuring
international Derby Horse Girls and
the top class of G1 horse girls, considered to
be one of the greatest in the world."
Japanese horse girls who have competed
in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe
Sirius Symboli
El Condor Pasa
Manhattan Cafe
Nakayama Festa
"Several Japanese horse girls
have attempted, and failed,
this battle to determine
the greatest in the world."
Gold Ship
"To win this race would effectively
alter the course of Japanese
horse girl history," huh?
One of the greatest races in the world...
it really must be amazing.
If I could run in it...
No, I have to win!
Okay!
Sorry for worrying you!
Are you feeling better?
Yep! All better!
Don't overdo it. You don't wanna
aggravate that bug you had.
It's okay! All it took was a
day of rest to feel better!
Now I need to run to make up
for what I missed yesterday!
You were just sick, so please,
don't overexert yourself.
R-Right.
But I need to work hard if I want to
cause a festival wave all over Japan!
A festival wave?
Yeah! A festival wave!
Okay! I'm gonna go for one more!
Wait!
Kitasan wants to race overseas?
Yeah...
You don't seem excited about the
prospect. Is there a problem?
She seems to be up to the challenge, in
terms of accomplishments and strength.
I'm honestly kinda worried.
We're talking about traveling distances
that nothing in Japan compares to.
There's compatibility issues between the
turf over there and Japanese horse girls.
Not to mention, we'd be
relying a lot on a local trainer.
You hear a lot of cases where they race too
frequently when not used to running overseas,
which ends up resulting in an
overall decrease in ability.
There's also...
No, nevermind.
Get a grip, all right?! You can't
be the one freaking out.
Yeah, you'd have to be God to
know what the right answer is
before the question even comes up.
If you need advice about overseas racing,
wouldn't she be the one to ask?
Sorry I'm late!
Welcome to the party. What'll you have?
Let's see...
They've got milk, too.
In that case...
I'll have tequila, straight,
in a stein, please.
Summit
of
Mount
Ashigara
Enjoy
the
natural
beauty
of
Mount
Ashigara
This will bring the spring G1
races for this year to a close,
in the grand prix known
as the Takarazuka Kinen.
It's nearly time to run!
And the overwhelming favorite to win
is number one in the
fan vote, Kitasan Black.
After winning the Osaka Hai and
the Spring Tennoushou,
this is her chance to win the
Senior Class Triple Crown.
It should be quite the sight to see
what kind of race she's going to run.
I'm gonna win this race,
and then head to France!
My first domestic G1 win...
Today's the day!
I'm gonna win.
I don't want to feel so
disappointed in myself ever again.
I need to win this, no matter what!
Kitasan Black is entering
the gate, looking calm.
And last is Satono Crown.
Coming to you from the Hanshin Racecourse,
just after some rain, at the grand prix!
And they're off!
The horse girls are lined
up next to each other now,
and Kitasan Black is off to a good start!
We've got a struggle for first place.
Flying Turkey is looking for a spot...
And it looks like Cheval
Grand has taken the initiative!
She's being rather bold here!
And behind her is Xbalanque,
followed by Kitasan Black!
She's taken a good position here!
Cheval-chan?
No, I need to focus on my own race!
On the inside is Ribon Gavotte,
with All Haiyu near the middle of
the pack, along with Satono Crown.
Ribon Pastoral is on the outside
along with Seventh Queen,
followed by Brave Target and Original Shine,
with the first corner coming up!
Cheval Grand has taken the lead,
and only she knows how she
plans for this to play out!
Kitasan Black may have missed
out on an early top spot,
but she'll be looking to hold strong
and earn that third spring G1 win.
The horse girls are crossing the
opposite side of the course.
Cheval Grand is still in the
lead as she boldly rushes on.
A half-length behind is Xbalanque,
and then on the outside is
Kitasan Black in third place.
Satono Crown is also in contention!
Kita-san's not making her move.
She's not.
That ain't quite like her, huh?
I'm sure she's fine! It's Kita-san.
The first 1,000 meters are crossed
in one minute and .06 seconds.
A slightly faster pace than last year.
Okay, the time to move... is now!
Entering the third corner, the pace
seems to have become steady,
but Cheval Grand is still in the lead,
with Xbalanque on the outside!
And then there's Kitasan Black!
When will she make her move, and how will
she overwhelm the other horse girls?
Huh?
Not yet! Kitasan Black isn't taking off yet!
Meanwhile, Cheval Grand
gradually pushes forward.
And from the outside, Satono Crown
and Original Shine are moving up!
Not only that, but All Haiyu
is closing in on the inside!
They've all gathered up now!
The horse girls are racing side by side
as they go around the final corner!
Kitasan Black is holding steady
while heading to the straight!
Go, Kitasan!
Xbalanque is now in the lead!
Satono Crown and Kitasan Black
are making gains on the outside!
They're in the final straight now. Will Kitasan
Black be able to rush on to the goal?!
Look at that! Kitasan Black is struggling!
She's not gaining! At all! We're seeing
a lack of her usual power!
Why!?
And now it's Satono Crown who
is steadily gaining ground!
While Kitasan Black has stopped accelerating!
Kitasan Black was heavily
favored but is sinking!
And as if to take her place,
Satono Crown is blazing ahead!
She passes! Satono Crown!
On the inside you can see All Haiyu,
and further in, Seventh Queen is also moving up!
But they just can't beat Satono Crown!
She's accelerating as if to
shut down any contenders!
Satono Crown! It's Satono Crown!
Satono Crown crosses the goal in first place!
Second goes to All Haiyu,
and third to Seventh Queen.
Summit
of
Mount
Ashigara
Enjoy
the
natural
beauty
of
Mount
Ashigara
What a showing by Satono Crown!
Kitasan Black has been defeated!
I did it...
I did it!
I really did it!
Congratulations, Crown-san!
Huh?
Wha...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm